0: The Initial Situation - The setup.
1: The Absentations - Someone leaves or dies. Usually a parent.
2: The Interdiction - A big rule is set up.
3: Violation - Someone breaks the big rule.
4: Reconnaissance - The :villain spies on the :hero or the :hero learns about the :villain.
5: Delivery - The :searching party discovers information.
6: Trickery - :Villain tricks :hero.
7: Complicity - The :hero is forced, tricked or influenced by magic to do something bad. There are bad consequences.
8: Villainy - :Villain does something really evil, normally stealing the :Macguffin or kidnapping the princess.
9: Meditation - The :hero figureS out a plan and get ready to set out on their quest.
10: Beginning counteraction - The :heroes choose to fight back.
11: Departure -  :heroes... depart. Voluntarily or not.
12: First function of donor - The :hero run into a donor or a magic dude. This character can be The Obi-Wan, a mysterious beggar or a "None Shall Pass" kind of character. They may have to pass a test. The hero may have to fight the donor. But on the bright side, the donor may have a magical object to help them on their quest.
13: Protagonist reaction - The :hero outsmarts, outfights or finds a way around the donor's demands. He gets the Macguffin.
14: Acquisition of Magical Agent - The obi-wan type character. Can be the donor. This character helps the  :hero on his quest, sometimes willingly, sometimes not.
15: Transference - The  :hero is taken to a new place. Physically. Emotionally. Spiritually. Grammatically.
16: Struggle -   :hero (surprisingly) struggles.
17: Branding -   :hero for his efforts is marked out as a hero either with a token or with a mark on his body.
18: Victory - The :hero beats the villain with his wits, his special abilities or his brawn.
19: Liquidation - The goodies all help the hero, and get what they were after.
20: The Return - Guess.
21: Pursuit - The heroes are chased by the villain, who is going all One-Winged Angel on them.
22: Rescue - The goodies run for it and escape by placing obstacles in the villain's path.
23: Unrecognised - The hero comes home and no one knows who he is because...
24: Unfounded Claims - Some Il Capitano-Zapp Brannigan-Gilderoy Lockhart character claims he saved the day.
25: Difficult Task - To prove he's the Hero the Hero must, well prove himself. It can be an ordeal of choice, a riddle or a test of strength.
26: Solution - The Hero chooses right/guesses right/wins the fight.
27: Recognition - Everyone realises that the hero is the hero through his special mark, the fact they got the right solution or through simple recognition.
28: Exposure - The false hero is shown up.
29: Transfiguration - The hero gets a makeover. Or at least new clothes or a palace.
30: Punishment - False Hero and Villain (and yes, they can be the same guy) get what's coming to them.
31: The Wedding - Usually the hero marries the princess or something like that, but the wedding can just be a general celebration from getting crowned to a party.