A campaign focused around the Mark of Death.

The Emerald Claw attacks the Lightning Rail you're on.

The whole "what is the Silver Flame all about" idea.

Halfling Barbarian Dinosaur Riders! (ok, that's less a plot hook than a fun set piece, but still)

IIRC there's a gynosphinx in Sharn looking for her lost love.
The elder Rakshasa guarded by the orcs of the Binding Flame is breaking free. They've come into the civilized lands looking for help and are hopelessly out of their depth. No one believes their crazy story and everyone is suspicious of the sudden influx of monstrous missionaries, because Droaam has simultaneously withdrawn most of its diplomatic envoys for unknown reasons. The PCs witness a mysterious figure assault an orc priest, who begs them to take a small bone fetish to Flamekeep, insisting it must be cast into the Silver Flame. With his dying breath he gasps, "remind them! The first duty!"

While the artifact is in the PC's possession, they start to have terrible dreams of desolation overtaking the world.
At lvl 1, an Eldritch Machine malfunction sends the PCs hurtling back and forth in time through the Last War. Whether the machine meant to do that or not, the PCs have the ability to change the course of history before they jump to the next timeframe. As they do, they create alternate realities, where alternate versions of themselves also are sent back in time and change history accidentally/on purpose. 

And in an artificial plane outside of time, Xorvintaal (the Master of the Prophecy) watches the birth of a hundred new realities, and waits for the right one to appear...
What caused the Mourning?
Reclaiming the Mournlands.
Finding a home for Cyran refugees.
The Daelkyr are trying to break free!
The Rajahs are trying to break free!
Reclaiming Droaam (which isn't a Thronehold signatory) for Breland or Aundair; which is opposed by the other nation (and Droaam, of course).
Nation X is trying to take back territory lost in the war (Aundair/Eldeen Reaches, Aundair/Thaliost, Breland/Darguun, Karnaath/Talenta or Mror, etc.) - will this restart the Last War?
Darguun is trying to establish itself as a premiere nation, but faces sedition from within and agression without (goblin campaign).
Sky pirates.

And our guys just signed up to be caravan guards. For a flotilla of zeppelins. With valuable, flammable cargo.
A new lightning rail is to be built through a mildly prosperous region. Three towns are possibilities for the destination. Whatever town gets the station gets a huge economic boom. The players are agents of the house Kundak(? The dwarf bankers) and the mark of passage house sent to chart the line. They have to deal with local monsters and geography as they figure out the best path as well as playing politics with the three towns.
Since the Mourning and the destruction of the White Arch Bridge, there is no safe land route from western Khorvaire to eastern Khorvaire - the continent is split down the middle. Obviously, this has benefited the sea trade immensely, but that has its own dangers (pirates, and horrors off the coast of the Mournlands). Repairing the bridge and the lightning rail that passed over it is a top concern for many, but the construction keeps suffering deadly sabotage attempts. Is the bridge haunted? Is someone trying to keep the bridge from being repaired? Maybe many someones? And what happens when the bridge is complete, and there's a massive international event taking place in the middle of it to commemorate the occasion, and someone tries to blow it up again?
1) Mysterious backer is willing to pay massive amounts for several simple items, downside is they have to be made from a wood that only grows on Aeranel (spelling?? its the elven ruled continent anyway) and the backer is adamant that the elves, the undying in particular, are not to become involved in any way.

Of course the backer is a dragon of the Chamber hoping to satisfy an obscure point of the Prophecy. Could also turn it into a delivery mission and/or a murder investigation (dead bloke has odd stuff on him, what does it mean and why do people keep coming after it) or even somthing else entirely (say they cant get to Aeranel, but oh look a contact/friend knows someone who has a stock of the wood theyre willing to part with, for a few favours of course)

2) Brelish and Thrane (doesnt have to be these two, just pick any two nations that share a border) military units will be holding a joint exercise in the local border area in a few days time and the PCs are tasked with helping to keep the peace between the two forces until the exercise is over, unfortunately someone seems determined to provoke incidents and foster bad blood between the two sides. Who are they and how far are they willing to go to force a confrontation?
Have you read The Court of the Air by Stephen Hunt? Imagine The Difference Engine as written by China Mieville and Phil Pullman. It's chock a block with very stealable material for an Eberron game