
AlterWiki of Prague - Odd vandalism to a Wiki site may actually be messages from another universe !
Berserker Hunters - Self-replicating, planet killing warships made by a long dead race to kill all other intelligent life are assaulting humanity, but the noble house's efforts to deal with the problem are ineffectual at best. It is the PCs job to do what they will not.
Calamari Caper - Clearing a friend of a trumped-up drug charge leads to squid canning plant with a sinister secret
Caverns of Chaos - A spelunker found driven mad deep in a cavern provides a clue to a dimensional portal
The Fires of the Deep - Government psychics have uncovered a Halloween plot by cultists to unleash infernal fire from the earth
Fourth Biker of the Apocalypse - A mysterious woman on a motorbike appears whenever something really evil is about to happen
The Good, the Evil, and the X  - The forces of order and chaos are clashing, and the PCs fight on one side or the other. But they don't care about the order or chaos part.
The Hunt for the Dreamers - A missing database contains the names of people whose dreams have the power to warp reality
Jailhouse Stock - Not so much an adventure seed as a suggestion for how to start a campaign … but it seemed happier here than anywhere else.
Jumpgate to Elohi - A large portion of humanity has embarked on a project of immense scale and ambition: A jumpgate that if built will allow contact between our species and an ancient and powerful alien civilization. Terrorists, labor revolts, and political squabbles threaten to disrupt the effort, and the PCs must deal with this.
Lost Hippies of the Catacombs - A New Age community in an underground labyrinth has mysteriously disappeared.
Newspaper Ghost - A ghost who communicates through headlines and newsprint warns of impending cuddly evil.
Oasis in the Ice - An idyllic paradise is found hidden in the Greenland ice cap. How did it get there?
Ogres of the Ice World - A monstrous alien race has laid claim to a remote, uninhabited planet; and they want you out. What do they really want with this world?
Only the Strong Survive - An Ancient Roman coffin found in the Wisconsin North Woods is part of cult's plan to unleash Cosmic Horror
Planet Roanoke - A group of second wave space colonists (led by the PCs) must fend off the first-wave, who have descended into cannibalistic savagery.
Red Reign of the Rat King - A vampire seeks an artifact that will give him vast powers over vermin
Revenge of the Cargo Cult - Natives on a remote and primitive island are seeking revenge on the traders who exploited them.
Singularity City - In the near future, a new city, risen out of the rubble of disaster, promises to be the hope of the future; but the city also has a dark side. Will the future be bright and shiny, or grim and gritty?
Tentacles of Space - A space station being built out of a hollowed-out asteroid is menaced by a cephelapodic horror from another dimension!!!
Texas Red Zombie Chainsaw Massacre - Commie Zombies are invading a Texas College! Run and hide!
The Mountain Hammer - The legendary weapon waiting to be seized from the BBEG at the end of a dungeon-crawl turns out be bigger and scarier than anyone could have imagined…
Zedekiah Brown - A petty miscreant suffering an anachronistic punishment and no one seems to notice him; what dark secret lies behind his sentence?
What happened in Stone Creek... - A sinister lab is performing terrifying experiments; a local minister is stirring up an angry mob; and you are in the middle.
Breland:
Ruken ir'Clarn and Post-Monarchial Breland - Ruken ir'Clarn is a member of Breland's parliament, representing one of the larger rural districts in Breland. He's also of the mind that the era of kings is all but over - centralizing all of the authority into a single autocrat is what started the Last War. He has several plans in place to essentially convert Breland to a more democratic parliamentary system, that may or may not retain the Brelish King as a figurehead. Now, he's not planning on assassinating Boranel - he's just trying to get things in place that once the aging king passes on, he passes the mantle of governance to the newly-created Prime Minister. ...That Lord Ruken is the strongest candidate for the PM job is merely a coincidence. He has also received aid from Queen Aurala of Aundair, but how he justifies this is beyond me...

The Sons of Liberty - The Sons of Liberty are a terrorist organization with the express objective of dethroning King Boranel. They notionally hold their base of power in the frontier city of Xandrar, on the southern shore of Silver Lake, close to the Eldeen Reaches and the Aundairian border. There are no direct (known) ties between the Sons of Liberty and Ruken ir'Clarn. Some rumors persist that the Sons' leader, Red Owl, is actually a pawn of the Lords of Dust. In my last Eberron campaign, the Sons of Liberty were involved in some terrorist attacks in Sharn, where they basically suicide-bombed several highly-populated areas during a visit by the Lhesh Haruuc. The Lhesh wasn't harmed, but it certainly didn't help Breland's relations with Darguun...

The Cannith House Divided - Merrix d'Cannith runs Cannith South not from Breland's capital of Wroat, but from the Forgehold in Sharn. He has numerous schemes in play to try and gain advantage over his cousins in charge of Cannith West (in Aundair) and Cannith East (in Karrnath). Expeditions to Xen'drik, the Mournlands, and other dangerous locales to recover various arcane devices, schema, or other artifacts useful to his artificers. He also is the only one of the current Cannith heirs (House Cannith was formerly led from Making, within Cyre) to know where many of Cannith's secret laboratories (like Whitehearth) reside. Many are still within the Mournlands (like Whitehearth), but others, such as a facility in Breland are still in use. (based on reading some of the illustrations in Shadows of the Last War, one of those labs is in the Dragonwood, near Woodhelm, in central Breland)

Aundair:
The Blackmailed Baroness - Baroness d'Orien is apparently having a love affair with another member of a dragonmarked house. This is strictly forbidden by the Twelve, because mingling two Dragonmarks tends to result in an Aberrant mark, and that's bad (as far as the Twelve are concerned...the reality is rather more grey). The whole situation appears to be setting House Orien up for trouble. It also appears that one of the Rakshasa Lords of Dust is involved. So it can't be good...

Darguun
A Land Divided - While Lhesh Haruuc is notionally in charge, it's far more tenuous than he makes it out to be. The bugbear clans to the north, several lowland hobgoblin tribes, and the Dhakaani in their cave-fortresses are hardly unified under the Lhesh. It's a civil war waiting to happen. PCs could get involved helping the Lhesh stabilize power (perhaps by recovering some long-lost artifact of rule lost by the ancient Dhakaani), or could be working against the Lhesh. Plus, there's probably a dozen other entities that would be perfectly happy to see the Lhesh fall, and Darguun to collapse back into a savage hellhole of tribal warfare. Breland stands the most to lose, as they and Darguun were probably the closest of allies (...and Darguun is bounded on the north and east by the Mournlands and Valenar, so they're happy to have allies, too).

Karrnath:
King Kaius Isn't the King Kaius we Think He Is - King Kaius is pretending to be HIS OWN GRANDSON. He's actually a vampire. The whereabouts of the ACTUAL King Kaius III is a grand mystery (good for some "Man in the Iron Mask" shenanigans). Kaius isn't actually the evil supervillain - while he's ruthless, it appears that many of his choices are made to try to reach some kind of stable Khorvaire. He's also aware of the threat that Vol provides. And for whatever reason, he's not enthralled to Lady Vol... Also, did I mention that his daughter (...or maybe it's the Real Kaius III's daughter) is currently a "royal hostage" in Boranel's court? And the two of them get along famously? I believe one of Boranel's sons is the hostage in Kaius' court, but I can't remember which one. Again, lots of interesting potential drama there.

Mecha + Zombies = ...PROFIT! - Merrix pretty much has the Warforged business sewn up. But people also forget that House Cannith isn't just about the mecha. They do other stuff too, like General Electric. But we don't care about that... In my last campaign, the Baron of Cannith East was basically also tinkering with what Warforged technology he could secret out of the Mournlands (Karrnath shares a border with it), looking for a new disruptive technology to make a quantum leap in the Warforged. And hey, what's Karrnath good at? UNDEAD! So between some Mournland-warped technology, some dark deals with some Rakshasa artificers, the Baron of Cannith East is working on building Warforged War Zombies...

Prison break.
Smuggle radical writings out of prison.
Penetrate the temple of Asmodeus / Vecna to find proof of evil deeds to turn the citizens against them.
Prevent the evil temples from framing the good temples to create a "both sides" narrative.
Provide alibis for other undercover revolutionaries in the city who are involved in a crime (or just meeting with known sympathizers), such as by impersonating them in public while they're actually elsewhere, keeping an open bolthole and being ready to make it look like the revolutionaries have been there all day as soon as they duck inside with the watch hard on their heels (which leads to a game of bluffing and improvising as the watch sergeant inspects the premises looking for anything out of place) or just a running fight as the PC's intercept a watch patrol and keep them busy while the targets get away. (This could be a spur of the moment thing - "shit, the watch is here, somebody's gotta do something!" - rather than a preplanned mission.) 